
## ELECTRICITY DATA

All the code really needs is a column with electricity consumption (in kWh) and a column with the corresponding time stamp. The timestamp is assumed to be the end of the period over which the consumption was measured. For instance, if you have an half-hourly time stamp then the consumption value with time 14:30 was the electricity consumed between 14:00 and 14:30.

The data is assumed to be in the folder `data/electricity/raw_data` but this can be changed via the data configuration (`config/DataConfigcpy`). The present configuration is for electricity consumption data as you can download from Octopus Energy. There is one file per year with half-hourly consumption data.

The columns are
- Consumption (kwh): consumed electricity in kWhy
- Estimated Cost Inc. Tax (p): expected cost in pence
- Start: start of the half-hour
- End: end of the half-hour

## WEATHER DATA
The weather data comes from the weather station in [Oxford Physics](https://eodg.atm.ox.ac.uk/eodg/weather/weather.html). The [Data Repository](https://weatherstationdata.physics.ox.ac.uk/) has data sorted per year. There is one file per day.

The files are downloaded with a script (download_data.py) generated by Claude. The details of each file are in the detailed_documentation_physics.txt which is copied from the readme of the data repository. The most useful columns are probably in the file MPYYYYMMDD.csv
- A: date (DD/MM/YY) in UTC
- B: hour (HH:MM:SS) in UTC
- E: dry bulb temperature (Celcius)
- I: relative humidity (percentage)
- J: wet bulb temperature (Celcius)
Values of -999 indicate missing data. The day and time are in UTC times as confirmed by their [script](https://gitlab.physics.ox.ac.uk/povey/aopp_weather_station/-/blob/master/weather/instromet.py?ref_type=heads)